Fix/zip duplicates (#1943)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

* **[Fix]** Disable module debugging for release mode in the SDK to fix dSYM warnings.
* **[Fix]** Fix SDK crash at application launch on iOS 12.0 (`CTTelephonyNetworkInfo.serviceSubscriberCellularProviders` issue).
* **[Fix]** The SDK was considering 201-299 status code as HTTP errors and is now fixed to accept all 2XX codes as successful.

> * **[Fix]** Reduced size of the macOS SDK by the symbolic links fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix macOS SDK binaries not to contain strong copies for symbolic links.
```
